More Sequence Doc Updates (#200)
kuzudb/kuzu-docs: src/content/docs/cypher/expressions/sequence-functions.md

description: Sequence functions are used to manipulate sequences.
---

> The following are functions that can be applied to sequences created with `CREATE SEQUENCE`. The examples are calls made on a sequence created by:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below, we list functions that can be applied to sequences created with `CREATE SEQUENCE`. The examples are calls made on a sequence created as follows:
```
